The 4th International Conference on VirtualReality and Visualization(ICVRV 2014)
Call for Paper
        ICVRV 2014, sponsored by China Computer Federation, co-sponsored by the VR Committee of the China System Simulation Association, the VR and Visualization Committee of China Computer Federation, the VR committee of China Society of Image and Graphics and IEEE Computer Society, undertaken by Shenyang Aerospace University, will be held on August 30-31, 2014 in Shenyang, China. At the conference the scientific scholars, engineers andtechnicians who work in the field of virtual reality and visualization technology will come together to make wide academic exchanges, study development strategy, promote the commercialization of research findings, and work together to boost the development and application of virtual reality and visualization technology. The Proceedings will be published by IEEE CPS, and the papers in the proceedings will be indexed by EI. Selected papers will be recommended to journal publication, such as International Journal of Modeling, Simulation, and Scientific Computing (EI indexed).
        The conference will invite well known VR experts to give keynote speeches, hold exhibition for newest scientific and technology achievements and provide a platform for the researchers, merchants to show their products.
 
Conference topics (including, but not limited to)
Modeling Technique
Mixed Reality
Animation
VR sensor technology
Real-time graphics rendering
Web-3D
Dynamic Texture Synthesis
Three-dimension data acquisition
techniques
Space positioning technology
Haptic rendering touch
Intelligent Virtual Environment
Virtual Geographic Environments
Collaborative VR
Growth of virtual plant simulation
Augmented reality (AR)
Virtual Design/ Manufacturing/
Engineering
Various types of simulators
Simulation

VR system architecture
Space of Sound
Machine Vision
Image-based rendering
Data Visualization
Geometry compression
Psychology in the VR
Embedded Graphics System
Graphics chip
Distributed Virtual Environment
Regional and Digital Cities, Digital
Distributed Systems
Visualization of Mining and Exploration
Behavioral Modeling
Virtual enterprises and communities
Digital Entertainment and Education
VR applications
Online Games
Volume Rendering
Multi-resolution techniques
Multimedia
Point rendering and drawing
Optical Display Technology
VRML technology
Graphics hardware acceleration
VR application of pattern recognition
Three-dimension reconstruction of medical images
Three-dimension Geographic Information System
Multimodal User Interface
Application of remote sensing image processing
Human-computer interaction technology
Application of the virtual human body
Artificial Life
VR Games 
Virtual Reality Audio Systems
 
Requirements 
1. Papers are not published elsewhere or submitted to other conferences, journals, no more than 8 pages (regular paper) or 4 pages (short paper); 
2. A complete paper should be submitted using the templates when the submission is available (will be in March 2014, https://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=icvrv2014);
    paper template download :  word
3. Papers include: title, summary, text, references, etc.; 
4. Language: English only;
5. Contributors must include name, organization, mailing address, telephone, and email address at the end of the paper.
6. Contact email address:  icvrv2014sau@gmail.com
7.Conference website: http://chinavr.sau.edu.cn/ICVRV2014/index.php
 
